back in 81 on behalf develop fetus eight
years later I confess my sins to Jesus
this is me now that was me then if you
want to see my life only the paper
written attend a pivot point spreadsheet
scrapbook of memories one hour photo
with black and white developing decoder
rings to read the mess I try to rhyme
but the message is connect if you read
between the lines things are fine until
the memories force against my will go
went up and crashing down all the while
standing still I'm so low I bent down
and couldn't reach her self-worth even
lower couldn't limbo underneath it a
horrible end to a beautiful beginning I
hit rock bottom kept taking keepsakes I
traded helping hands for a solo kind of
sauce at the center of disaster only
person and acknowledge she broke my
heart but could it be true that she'd
come running home with a bucket full of
glue I play
part of SAP so while I could be in the
beating wooden part of a freshly cut
tree carved with my initials for
history's sake running down to the core
until the roots break I made more
mistakes and remedial math and I can't
believe I past when I got the tests back
I cut myself deep I should have cut the
bullshit what doesn't kill you makes you
live life to the fullest I always live
life to the fullest yeah
so lets us cripple the rebel back when
you were five when you used to make you
had such an easier life all you had to
do is eat sleep and hit by the
dreamscape washed away and to reality to
face the face now with this dwindling
mortality and it's sad to say that every
day you wake your bones start to ache
your life's moving at such a quicker
pace catch up you're popping pills now
to deal with designer days with this
come up come down come up come down your
moonlight ways every day trying to make
the go round and this motherfucking
merry-go-round it's not how hard you
work is just who you know and all this
fucking after you've got nothing to show
you got six roommates in a house that
your rent and I know it's fucked up but
that's how the money spent I'm kicking
two cents like pennies from heaven I eat
all my meals from 7-eleven I'm the worst
orbit ? the end and gotta stop living
life like it's my painting
I have a real good friend let's call him
see he had a friend named ever up
elementary together had regular nest
sessions and that turn to Dreamcast ass
ownership license everything's great
except have had a secret that he took
the late horse the sample of Maine he
made a padded those containers for his
wings nothing greater mind silk with
white noise holy floor elevator the
golden gates burned his blind date it
took away his last day his pain his body
his estate his ball to the purest of
elements hit C harder than a suit and
drop had relevant his friend was gone c
was overly erratic to this frequency but
all he got was that stopped speaking his
voice is not making the face he stopped
loving his life he admitted defeat
because he understood the trials of the
human heart growing much faster than it
has to so it doesn't rip apart news
ended ended any kind of time and force
them to build his life up from the
ground on an incline he never did never
made it through that pain the bad news
he would never be the same
every damn grateful that C is at me that
F is around and that we can be weak that
it didn't go down that I can see my
friend that we can take the world suck
and puts us on the end then one day soon
we can visit the past thankful that
emotions indescribable past but for now
we can look with unabashed eyes and what
brand new wings we can take to those
guys
I don't mind dreaming about her
and if i can remember her after all
these Earth's never mention reading
means I'll remember you I can take you
with me when I go go